I was praying and the Lord showed me,
saying,
'I need you to pray for Italy.'I
asked,
'What's going on with Italy,
Lord?'He
showed me—I had
that open vision
again—a
massive volcano that's
about to happen. I saw a coastline
on the water where there's a
massive volcano. He told me
this is going to happen and
there will be signs right before
a massive explosion. I saw this
thing explode huge, and He kept having me
pray
over the ocean. There's
something about the water
around Italy. I believe the volcano was right
there,
because Pompeii is right here
and
there's a massive volcano up here.
When
I was looking
over in the spirit
realm,
I thought it was in this area, but
I believe it's probably further out.
I started looking at where the
massive volcanoes in the water are in
Italy. If you zoom out, I'll show
you;
one of the largest is way
down here. Whenever I saw
this
massive volcano going off out of the
water, it caused a massive tsunami
wave. From the
earthquake and this massive volcano, it
was
like a humongous
nuclear bomb went
off—it
went up out of the water and caused a
massive wave. The water rushed all
over this area,
causing
a lot of devastation.
The Lord is showing me it came
up out of the water and caused
all the air traffic around that area to
be
completely shut down. The Lord showed me
it would cost hundreds of
thousands of deaths. There
will
be signs, maybe even on the news
in Italy, about rumblings
around that area, earthquakes,
or
tremors to
warn
that something big is going to happen. Do
not ignore this; it is
very serious.
If you start having a lot of tremors and
you start seeing smoke,
take heed.
Be forewarned; I'm trying to
tell you. I was just
praying in the spirit,
worshiping, and all of a sudden I was
shot up. I was looking
over Italy, and it
looked
so
small because I was so high
up.
I was looking
down and all of a sudden I could see
a
black blanket over the water.
It was a
very thick cloud,
as
black as molasses,
very dark.
I could see the
black clouds going through all the
houses like a smog.
I could see the rooftops
of the homes
and
the lights on
inside.
The Lord pointed my attention
to a massive circle, a
humongous portal
over
Italy
near
where the
volcano was
by
Pompeii.
Angels were coming out
of
this massive portal.
It was alive, swirling
with
clouds,
and
opening up.
All of a
sudden, thousands of angels started coming out
of this massive
portal
like
soldiers,
lined up
and
descending.
Through
the
portal,
clouds were
coming out—humongous,
beautiful
pink,
fluffy, blue,
and
purple.
I believe it was Heaven.
These angels were
descending
onto the Earth.
When they reached
the
atmosphere,
they started
to spread out like ants,
moving
at
the
speed
of
light
on a mission.
They all had beautiful
robes and gowns on. It
was
amazing.
I'm just
sitting here in this chair praying in
the spirit, soaking it all
in.
I
asked
the
Lord what
that black smog was, and He showed me there is
a
lot of trafficking and corruption in Italy.
Those angels were
going to homes
and
waving
their
hands,
telling people to
leave, warning
them.
You
could sense an urgency on their
faces.
All of a sudden, the
angels stopped.
I could feel the intercessory
prayers from the saints
interceding for
Italy in the spirit.
You could
feel the blanket of prayer
above
the atmosphere.
All of a sudden, all the angels froze
and
turned
their bodies to look back up
to the massive swirling light
of
the portal. They
started
shooting back up into that
portal.
Then the Lord took me
to
another part of the vision. He
said, 'I want you to focus on the canary.'What is the
meaning of a
canary in
a
coal
mine?
Study this out. I saw a yellow canary
in a cage. There was
gas
like a smog coming
up out of the ground. The canary
was swinging in its cage in the spirit realm. It was chirping, but then I looked down at the mist coming up
out of the ground. When I looked back up, the canary was at the bottom of the
cage,
lifeless.
This
gas coming up out of
the ground
in
Italy—I
don't know if it was from
the volcano,
but I saw
hundreds of thousands of people go home.
A massive wave was coming. The
Lord said to pay attention to the water. I
saw earthquakes in
the water, and He kept pointing me to
that in the spirit realm. In my spirit
eyes, I could see
the
water
in
the
gulf
area, the gulf right
there by
Pompeii.
For three weeks now, the Lord has
spoken to me about the electric grid
in America, telling me to pray over the
electric grid. This is serious. I saw
a cyberattack or a false
flag.
Power went out in New York and
major cities.
He
warned me that I need to pray about
this more intently
because of what is being planned.
I saw that when the electric grid went
down, it had the
opportunity to be down for over
three weeks. I saw a calendar
with
the days going by.
He showed me a year ago to
invest in
a generator
with
three fuel types—propane, gas, and
natural
gas—and
solar
power.
I don't want to preach fear,
but I get these intense
warnings
from the Spirit of God.
For
instance, I was praying over an ice
storm once and He told me
about Texas being without power. I kept
seeing no
heat and a poisoning of
the water.
About three years
ago,
a
major arctic front
made
everything really cold in
Texas.
The
grid shut down,
pipes
burst,
and
they put
out a warning not to drink the
water because it had
E.
coli.
Before that happened, the Lord warned me
to tell friends in Texas
they
needed
cases of water.
I
bought water too
because what I was seeing in the spirit
was very alarming.
Even
if
it
doesn't
always affect
everybody,
I
want to
be
quick
to
obey.
I saw New York, a major
city
with
big buildings.
Pray about
the power grid with me. I don't
want to
be a
Debbie Downer and
coming on
here and
going
wacky
all the
time,
but
these
are the
three things:
the canary,
Italy, and
the electric grid.
Let's
pray.
Father, I thank You.
We lift up
Italy, the volcano, and the
earthquakes.
You warned us that
perilous times would come.
Shake us and show us
what we're supposed to do for our
families so we hear You before
danger comes.
Let
us
not be led by emotion,
but
by the Holy
Ghost. I pray for every person
watching this video,
that they would learn to
yield themselves to the Spirit of God.
We call for clarity
and
supernatural giftings to see into the
spirit realm.
We take authority over cyberattacks
and
false
flag events.
We plead the blood of Jesus
over our power grid. We say we will have
power.
Give
wisdom
to
Homeland
Security
and the computer
people
to protect us
from foreign adversaries.
Expose all wicked plots.
I
pray over finances
for a
hundredfold return. I
speak
blessing
over
homes—raises,
bonuses,
and
checks in the
mail.
Every need is met
and every debt is cancelled.
I pray over their health
and bodies.
We take
authority over sickness,
cancer,
and
addictions.
We call for
rain to
break drought—the
former rain,
the latter
rain, and
even the
spiritual
rain of
the Holy
Ghost rain
over this
nation. Bring
an outpouring
of Your
Spirit.
We pray
for
the leaders,
from Joe Biden down,
that they would have a fear of the
Lord to make godly
decisions.
In
Your
presence
is
fullness of
joy.
We will not
fear.
Amen.